---
layout: post
title: Day 6. This is day six
date: 2020-07-29 19:49
tags: [isolation]
---

Dear Reader,

Today once again, was quite uneventful. Spent most of my time doing uni, then around lunch FaceTime'ed a friend to play some chess. We've done this a few days now, and it's been real nice to catch up whilst doing something interesting. Little things like this help to break up the day.

Writing these each day, although difficult and frustrating early on, has gotten easier. I can see myself doing this a little more regularly outside of iso. I just thought that given it's Covid and all, it would be interesting for people to read. Anyhow, as I grow older I feel it's important to document the little things, and a daily journal is a great way of doing that.

There was some talk today we may be moved to other rooms during our room clean, but I hope that's not the case. I've just gotten my bearings here, and if we were to move, I'd get lost on my walks again. In either case, I don't mind terribly much.

Bloke I met earlier who impersonated that actor in a previous post made another appearance. It seems he is being accompanied by two officers wherever he goes now. Not sure why that is, but I imagine it is something to do with his general demeanor. Don't get me wrong, I think he's a great guy and means well, but I reckon he's lost a marble or two in here. 

Later that evening after dinner I jumped onto discord to chat with some mates. Played my first game of four-player chess. Didn't know it was a thing, and yes, it is as chaotic as you would think it is. Will I play it again? Hmm, it is still to be decided. Probably. This is riveting content I know.

It's Hump day tomorrow. One more of this and it's over. Although I reckon as Monday comes next week time will really be flying. Tomorrow I reckon I'm gonna speak to a few more friends I haven't yet, and as per, more uni. I've become the annoying group member I thought I'd never become. All this work will be undone in due time though, starting the second I'm out of here. Anyways, until tomorrow...

Goodnight,
Oskar
