---
layout: post
title: Day 5. We got WiFi
date: 2020-07-28 19:31
tags: [isolation]
---

Dear Reader,

Today was the crusiest of them all. I've gotten my routine going now, and it's only a matter of time before I wake up and I'm outta here!

This morning was reasonably standard, apart from the breakfast. Don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of the variety (I don't think I've had the same meal yet), but when I see a chicken croissant in front of me, questions must be raised. And judging by the neighbours, I wasn't the only one. It was pretty good though, didn't taste bad at all. Oh, did I forget to add it was accompanied by some baked beans? Yeah weird.

Got the usual temp check around 9:30am again, reading a lovely 36.4°C. I'm feeling great. I've said this before, but the sleep cycle seems to have cleared me out mentally. Days feel nice and full, and there's enough variety in their that I can relax.

Our WiFi was fixed later this afternoon which is great. All they did was replace a little box in our rooms. Would've been nice if they answered our prayers day one instead of taking the piss... Either way, it's good it's going again. My phone data was beginning to run on fumes.

Most interesting part of the day was also the most frustrating. It seems one or two of the new arrivals can't be fucked wearing masks. I really don't want to talk about this a whole lot because of how much it boils my blood, but seriously. We're in an ISOLATION CAMP. You'd think here would be the one place they WOULD wear a mask. Anyways, enough of that.

Uni was good today. Managed to tick a few things off. I'm finding that using a Pomodoro timer has helped immensely. I can get burnt out quite easily, and breaking study up just works. I don't know why I don't do this outside of iso. Going to have to make a habit of including this in my daily routine.

All in all, it was a rather standard but full-feeling day. Excited to smash out some uni over the next week or so to get on top of things for my eventual release. Until tomorrow,

Take care,
Oskar
