---
layout: post
title: Day 9. Question time
date: 2020-08-01 22:40
tags: [isolation]
---

Dear Reader,

Today I thought I'd try something a little different and use Instagram to ask friends to send me in questions. After a little time, I took a look and responded. Here are a few I thought I'd share...

Q: What will be your first meal after leaving isolation?
> A large triple cheese burger meal with a medium frozen coke and chicken nuggets.

Q: Explain to me why you would get a medium frozen coke when a large is cheaper?
> Finally, a sensible question. So in Darwin any frozen beverage such as a frozen coke experiences greater than normal heat. And as such a large would result in too much liquid for my liking. Given this, ordering a large would be undesirable, as a medium allows me to finish it more quickly whilst enjoying a cooler coke.

Q: If you could rearrange the world map, where would you have everything?
> I'd probably move Australia down a tad so Darwin cools down or maybe rotate aus sideways 90 deg. Other than that, maybe move Russia, China and the US all to their own continent and call it Peter.

This was great fun. It was good to hear from a few different people and answer some strange and interesting questions.

Later during the day I started work on another one of my assignments. It's going to discuss people and their data. I haven't  narrowed it down more than that. 

Around this time, I contacted a good friend of mine to try and nut it out a little more. We talked about different aspects of user data, and how I could frame the topic. Although we didn't converge on a title, it was good to discuss the idea more. It helped me understand more of what I need to do.
 
For this assignment, I'm using LaTeX for the first time, and it's a bit intimidating, but early results are looking fantastic. It makes your documents look so neat and clean. I can see myself using this tool a lot more, along with Jupyter Notebooks. This semester has been rather interesting.

My other subject, in which we are developing a Spring Boot + React Web Application is going ok. Two of my group members have already indicated they may be leaving the subject with an exemption due to recognition of prior learning. I think we'll be okay, but it's not a great start considering the size of the project and lack of experience I have with it. However, it could be a good opportunity for me to learn more than I otherwise would've.

Tomorrow is Sunday, and all I plan on doing is making a solid start to the data assignment mentioned earlier. Depending on how things go I may even go for a run, but it's been rather busy around camp since the new arrivals. Until then...

Goodnight, Oskar
