---
layout: post
title: Day 10. Home stretch
date: 2020-08-02 21:35
tags: [isolation]
---

Dear Reader,

Tomorrow is Monday, which is just before Tuesday, only two days before Thursday, the day before I get out. Framing it this way makes it seem I'm practically out, which I am. I mentioned this before, but after the first two nights or so, it's gotten a lot easier. I'm now in a semi-regular routine waking up at more or less the same time every day. Accompanied with around the clock meals and daily walks, time has flown.

Most of the morning I spent working on my ethics assignment. I've now got a investigation title, which is 'Ethics of User Data: Collection & use'. I'm excited to work on this, as I find it the topic relevant to me in many aspects. I think most people are not aware of the data that is not only being collected, but used in various ways, myself included. It's going to be interesting to dig into it further.

A bit later on I tuned into a movie called 'Plus One' 2019. Another romcom of sorts. I'm not sure why I seem to be in a phase of watching romcoms. Maybe it's because I haven't had the pleasure being able to get out and about since this whole pandemic. It hasn't made it easy being single in this time, but that will change soon.

Later that arvo around dinner I watched some of the footy with my neighbour. It's been great making some quality friends with the unlikeliest of people. Walking around, it seems I lucked out with my section. A block over from us, their are a few fellas that don't wear their masks and talk most of the day about very unstimulating things, quite loud might I add. Almost every meal, most of us are out and talk. I've even managed to tease out a few mutual friends.

One thing I need to do is read more. I made a point with myself before leaving here, and yet, haven't even read a page. Poor on my part, but I'll be sure to rectify that tomorrow. I do enjoy reading, I just find it hard to get into sometimes.

A song I've fallen in love with recently is Corcovado - Quiet Nights of Quiet Stars, first released in 1965. I can't quite put my finger on what exactly it is I like about it other than the vibe. The little transitions and smooth sax are next-level. It was released as part of 'The Girl From Ipanema' album, and will require further listens.

With my release on the horizon, getting as much uni done as possible is now of top priority.

Until tomorrow, Oskar
