---
layout: post
title: 'Day 2. First full day'
date: 2020-07-26 10:58
tags: [isolation]
---

Day Two,

Much more interesting day. I think it's the initial adjustment and realisation that I'm going to be here for a little while. Some analysis of my supplies given. Coffee. I have seven instant 'Blend 43s' left so I'm going to have to switch to 'Yellow Label' black tea on the 2nd of Aug (day 10). A friend of mine also suggested alternating between tea and coffee, which is a fine idea, but unpractical as when I wake, I cannot talk or be spoken too without my coffee. 

I started with two large 1.5L bottles of water but today they delivered another two. Might be a daily thing who knows but I currently have six large bottles of water. No dramas in the hydration department. We were also given laundry detergent sachets, but I won't be needing them as I purchased exactly fourteen days of clean underwear prior to my departure to ensure each day I get some sort of enjoyment, which has been a blessing thus far.

We seem to get temperature checked at random times, but I'm sure theres some method involved. I've seen some people test higher than me getting retested more frequently, so I imagine they're keeping close eye on those with a slightly elevated body temp.

Breakfast was pretty good. Some fruit, cereal etc. Standard but fulfilling stuff. Can't complain when you're meals are prepared and delivered. Also, remember to make friends with your neighbours. After a little chat this morning, the bloke next to me happened to have a spare lightning charger. What a godsend.

Later in the day to pass the time until the footy started, I contacted Optus to try and organise some more data for my plan as the WiFi here is practically non-existent. Tip for those out there whom are long time customers anywhere, it never hurts to just ask. All I did was state to an Optus employee that I am in isolation, and that I've been with Optus for a while, can you sort me out please? Fifteen minutes later they've given me 10GB of free data straight to my account. I was always willing to pay but as I said, it really does never hurt to ask.

Before the footy started, I put on a movie called 'Vicky Cristina Barcelona,' an unconventional drama romance further blurring the lines of what love is. Thoroughly enjoyed, albeit left slightly unsatisfied, but I think that's the point? Also watched a bit of the footy during this time, but not much as Port started to fade away which fucking shits me, but it is what it is. Anyways...

See you tomorrow,
Oskar
