---
layout: post
title: Day 7 & 8. Great
date: 2020-07-31 18:21
tags: [isolation]
---

Dear Reader,

So I didn't plan on writing anything for yesterday or today, but recent events have changed that. 

Yesterday I spent most of my time doing some uni, in particular, a major analytics assignment. It will investigate the effect of weather and other such variables on AFL game scores and margins. As we all know, when it rains, game scores are usually lower. What I'm interested in is are there other variables that may act similarly. For instance, does humidity, or crowd size influence scores?

Moving on to the eventful today and why I'm blogging at all...

Someone on the flight that came in earlier tested positive whilst mid flight. Usually, you self-isolate until you get your results, but this individual decided otherwise. There is a problem here. And this isn't the first case of this happening. Not long ago, two women were caught doing the same thing. Surely after that incident there was great reason to put in place some way of determining passenger eligibility. A simple database which holds individuals who have been tested and whom have a result?

It boils my blood, because now, everyone that arrived is compromised, and may not show symptoms for a few days. On top of this, the passengers have been placed within our facility site. I thought they would put them in a different region of the place, or even section it off for a few days, but I guess we are all bread in the same basket.

Some people here aren't even wearing masks, and walking around as if nothing is wrong. The rules are being enforced to a very low standard it seems. As I'm scheduled to be released on the 7th, although I get tested again in the next few days, I could still develop symptoms after being released.
 
Optimistically, I think we'll be ok. Most people here are following the correct procedure and doing the right thing. I just hope that this hasn't done any harm for those who travelled here today, unknowingly with a person whom was positive.

Yes, it's largely effects older people and those with underlying health risks, but how do you know you're not at risk? And if I asked you to take a jelly bean out of a large bag, and just one of those could kill you, would you put your hand in? And it's really more about your parents and elders. Don't be putting them at unnecessary risk.

It just worries me how contagious this virus is. 

Stay safe, Oskar
