---
layout: post
title: 'Day 3. Where art my feet?'
date: 2020-07-26 10:58
tags: [isolation]
---

Day Three,

Starting to feel more at home today. Meditated this morning after the routine breakfast and chat with the neighbors. Everyone seems in pretty good spirits. Some absolutely classic people here. Also talked a lot about Formula 1 with the bloke next door, and birdwatching with the other. It's fascinating the different people you meet under unusual circumstances.

As predicted, breakfast was hot today. I think they must be alternating between hot and cold breakfast and lunches, and all dinners thus far have been hot, and quite tasty might I add. Also had a cheeky extra tea today. This does make me concerned about my coffee and tea stocks, although I'm less stressed about this now I know I can order things from Coles among other places

No signs of mask handouts at the minute. I think we're just expected to put the ones on we have until the end of iso if we're out of our room, but I could be wrong. Good thing I bought a few spare, they get stinky quickly. I actually find it good, as it makes me floss more frequently.

I feel like this routine is going to be really good for me. Prior to arriving here, I was sleeping pretty erratically. Going to bed between 10pm - 3am and waking up at even more varied times. And given that most research indicates a solid sleep cycle is the hallmark of stable homeostasis, it's no surprise I'm feeling good. If I keep meditating daily, and a little exercise here and there, plus all the uni I gotta do starting tomorrow, I reckon this time will fly. However, it doesn't help seeing friends stories of Darwin's blissful nature. Knowing I'm ever so close. It will all be worth it though.

Sometimes I can get a little sad in here, but then quickly remember things are much worse in Vic, and I can't imagine what it'd be like if I stayed. The cases just keep lingering at quite a high level. Also lucky uni is completely online this semester, which is going to be what I do majority of my days starting tomorrow. 

Later this arvo, they came around knocking to deliver ice cream. It was god damn delicious. They really do seem to look after you here, as well as taking it all seriously.

For the rest of the day I plan to watch some movies then the footy. I also have not been tested for anything. I may get a temp check later this afternoon however. Haha so as I was writing this, I just got my temperature checked. It was 36.4°C if you're curious, which puts me at ease. Might read a bit before bed too. Anyways, see you tomorrow.

Yours truly,
Oskar