---
layout: post
title: 'Day 4. Settled'
date: 2020-07-27 20:16
tags: [isolation]
---

Dear Reader,

This is the first post written as the day comes to a close. The time is 8:17pm, the weather is crisp, and most of the days work has been done. Since uni has been back it's given me a lot more to do. I had class this morning and more around dinner time, both of which were information packed and really kicked me into gear.

Oh also, last night before dinner I got a care package of coffee and toilet paper etc. This is good news, as I wasn't too keen on switching over to 'Yellow Label' black tea anytime soon. Although I do like it with some milk and sugar. Three sugars might I add. Sometimes four. It's as much as I want since I'm stuck here.

The morning was quite relaxing. I woke up at the usual time of 7:00am and made a coffee, then proceeded to talk the usual shit with the neighbours. Theories about the virus, and other such topics came up, which were hard not to entertain. Someone else also brought up the Bubonic plague. I mean seriously.

Anyways, a bit later on around 9:30am I got temperature checked again. For those interested, this time it recorded 36.5°C. Around this time I also got a text notifying me that my Covid-19 test was negative. I get another on day ten I believe. I feel healthy and well.

The middle part of the day wasn't all that eventful. A bit of life admin here and there. I feel like it's going to get quite routine over the next few days or so. Looking forwards to the weekend. Not sure if it's the concept of it, but I just am.

Some bloke I met early on I ran into again. I then proceeded to record what is currently the highlight of my trip. I can't really provide any more details other than he for whatever reason, impersonated Shia LaBeouf's just do it video, bag and all.

Some thoughts on oranges. Prior to arriving here, I didn't care much for them, and never really ate them. But since eating a few over the past few days, I've really grown to like them. I quite like pealing them and then chewing on their delicious fleshy insides. They are full of flavour, and make me feel quite full and fresh. Might even buy some when I get out of here.

I didn't think my Coles order would arrive today, but low and behold, around 8:20pm I got that sweet sound of a knock on my door. It's funny, usually you find something like that annoying. Hearing a knock that is. But here, each knock is usually some sort of gift, whether that be food, or ice-cream. I mean yes, we get the odd temperature check, but it's a chance of social interaction with someone other than your immediate neighbours.

In my self ordered care package I received some two minute noodles, chocolate bars, tuna and a phone charger. Thank god I got lent one, I would've absolutely struggled with uni today if I couldn't even be connected to the internet. My group members would've loathed me.

Tomorrow is looking a little more structured, with more uni planned and the potential workout. Really depends how the body is feeling. I mean, there's no rush...

Until tomorrow,
Oskar