---
layout: post
title: Day 14. A summary
date: 2020-08-06 20:25
tags: [isolation]
---

Dear Reader,

The following post will summarise my last days spent in isolation. I have recently not posted because I am lazy.

To much disappointment, I shaved my beard, if you could even call it that. Perhaps a more accurate description would be an unusually long, and curiously dispersed wiry mess. It was fun while it lasted. Will it happen again? Probably. I'm in Darwin.

I've done a little more research into my data ethics assignment. If you haven't already, you gotta watch 'The Great Hack' 2019. It shines a shocking spotlight on your datas role in the current age of information warfare. I won't spoil too much, but it's frightening. Also very well made.

I caught up with a friend, she is out a week from tomorrow. I haven't spoken to or seen her in ages. She's also the only person in here I've spoken to that I actually know outside of these four walls. It was nice as a last day sort of thing. She also found the first two or so days to be the hardest, but is now cruising.

I love my uni group members. Still stressed about the fact two may be leaving, but it's okay. We've already done a solid body of work. Backend UML is for the most part done, and the front-end prototype. I'm actually becoming more interested in the project as we go along. This is a product that could eventually be deployed within a real business.

Dinner was good, like most meals here. They did an amazing job to keep us full and satisfied. Only a few meals I did not enjoy, and that's more to do with my personal preference than anything, as the neighbours often had no complaints.

I want to say a big thank you to the neighbouring  group around me. A great mix of young and old, we got each other through pretty unscathed in unique circumstances. It is unsettling to see some people never leave there rooms, only to grab delivered food, or appear in a daze for a temperature check. These are the people I worry most about, and I thought I was going to be.

I don't want to sound all motivational and shit, but the past two weeks have taught me a lot about myself. Prior to arriving, I was not in the best mental state, and I worried that two weeks in here may do more harm. But after the first few days, you have all this time to think, and really nut things out for yourself. I practiced mindful meditation from around day four, and exercised every second day or so. This, coupled with blogging and uni kept me on my feet. It showed to me how important a routine is. Something as simple as getting up at the same time and meditating each day can have a great effect. I feel more calm, and excited than I have in a long time.

Recently, I have been thinking about this saying 'Good luck'. You see, it is interesting. To me, it doesn't literally mean, good luck, as in something to do with chance. But that I have some belief in you. That I believe in you.

For those of you that have been reading along during my time here, I thank you. And if you've stumbled upon all this at a later date, I thank you too! Now I plan on starting a new routine with the lessons I've learnt here, and hope to do more blogging in future, albeit less frequently. Hopefully, with a little bit more to say. Until then...

Good luck, Oskar
