---
layout: post
title: 'Day 1. Springsolation'
date: 2020-07-25 15:08
tags: [isolation]
---

Day One,

It was pretty swift moving from Darwin airport to the Covid-19 facility out in Howard Springs. As we got off the aircraft, we were escorted through a specific direction, keeping us separated from standard travelers. It was humorous to see people without masks in the terminal having a little giggle saying things under their breath such as 'haha they must be from Melbourne.' I Felt like quite the celebrity. It was however kind of intimidating the amount of police presence around but I guess there would be a few people that would try to take advantage of the current situation so they need to be prepared. Immediately after exiting the main terminal we were put in busses that would eventually take us to Howard Springs.

Once off the bus (we were let off in groups of two) they took our details. This didn't take long, although like almost every admin encounter of mine, my name was spelt wrong, and my C was promptly adjusted to a K, giving it it's typical signature corrected look.

The complex itself used to be used as mining housing for FIFO workers, so picture rows of demountables. Sort of like an army base if you will. I gotta admit, it was pretty cool being escorted around the place with doctors and nurses in full PPE, though fuck that in this heat. It was pretty unforgiving to me even though all I was wearing was jeans and a t-shirt. I commend all those involved.

Once at my new home for the next fortnight, we were given a little more info then left to our own devices. My set-up included a generously sized balcony (about 1.8 x 3.7 meters by eyeball), with a table and chair out front. The room itself was cozy too, with a king sized single, plenty of desk space, a nice bathroom and shower. We didn't have a microwave, but I guess there wasn't any real point given we were delivered three meals a day.

After settling in a little, a few doctors and nurses began testing the new arrivals. I didn't think it was as bad as people made it out to be. Yes, it was weird getting something shoved down my nose, but no, it didn't kill me. It's kind of like getting a light booger fragment stuck in your nose, then accidentally sneezing it inwards, if that makes any sense.

That night I wigged out a little as I began to adjust to my new surroundings, kind of like the first night of school camp, minus the canoeing, card games, BBQ's and sneaking into friends cabins... Anyways, later on not much really happened, apart from falling asleep to the Giants vs Richmond game. Also, I forgot my phone charger, which means I'm screwed until Monday, as the WiFi here does not work where I am located. Anyhow...

Until tomorrow, good night,
Oskar