---
layout: post
title: One more time
date: 2021-08-18 18:00
tags: [personal]
---

Dear reader,

In the name of Daft Punk, this is the last time I’ll be writing, for a little while anyways. Before it was therapeutic, a means of getting through and processing, but now I must let it go. I thought I was starting to get better, moving on. But last night I broke down. Today marks two weeks since we broke up and my emotional stability collapsed in on itself. Any more writing like this reminds me of you, and is only going to hold me back from moving on. 

You taught me a lot about myself, more than I ought to have imagined. And I hope you learnt a thing or two as well. I’m so grateful for the time we spent together. Never a fight, or quarrel. It’s bittersweet, looking back, seeing the fun we had. But I would do it all over again.

I still wish sometimes we’d met under more standard conditions. Without covid, more time to do activities together. I would’ve been a lot busier, and maybe not made you feel trapped. But maybe it wasn’t me. Maybe it was just us. Incompatible. All these thoughts, which is why I must stop and breathe.

It would be nice to look back on this in some time, and being friends or acquainted again in some way. I meant what I said when I mentioned you added real value to my life. Your unique perspective and general aura gave me great solace.

I don't imagine this is going to effect much of anything given no one reads this, but if someone happens to come across this at a later stage, this explains the gap between this and any future posts.

I hope that wherever you are, in whatever situation, you are all doing well, and are okay (:

Until next time, go well and goodbye,
Oskar
